NOTES ON COMPATIBILITY:
In general, if a component is a fraction of a mm away from a perfect fit, consider employing a simple shim. shim stock is readily available in a variety of thicknesses and materials, or aluminum foil could be folded to the right thickness. Leave a gap for the grub screw in the clamp. The cheapest way to get the required bicycle components would be to buy a basic secoond hand bike and cannabalise it.However, if it is not possible to find one with the necessary spec, the parts can be acquired seperately.
Bottom Bracket: 73mm English Thread
Fork: Head tube is designed for 1" ISO standard fork steerer. Ceeway also sells a Ø41mm HT for a 11/8" fork, but note that this would need to be used with size 7 clamps.
Seatpost: Should be Ø26-27.5mm to fit the Size 5 clamp shown here (M51-5), or Ø21-22.5mm if a Size 4 clamp is used (M51-4).
Wheels: Frame can accommodate 29" rims with 44mm tyres and 135mm rear hub spacing (shown for reference). Seatstays and Chainstays can be made shorter if desired for smaller wheels, but rear hub spacing cannot be less than 144mm. If a wider spacing is desired the chainstay spacers can simply be cut a little longer. A long axle and axle spacers should be used (These can just be washers).
Brakes: Front brake can be attached to third party fork as usual. Coaster brake could be used on rear wheel hub for simplicity, or additional clamps could be used to create attachment points for rim brake or disc brake caliper.
Gears: According to preference. Single speed or hub gears are the simplest but by no means the only options. Be sure to consider the weight of the entire bike when selecting gear ratio(s).
